Franciszekjob/2665 ci optimization guide (#2743)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/starknet-foundry-github-action.md

# Starknet Foundry Github Action

If you wish to use Starknet Foundry in your Github Actions workflow, you can use the [setup-snfoundry](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-starknet-foundry) action. This action installs the necessary `snforge` and `sncast` binaries.

> 📝 **Note**

> > At this moment, it only supports Linux and MacOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At this moment, only Linux and MacOS are supported.
```

# Starknet Foundry Github Action

> If you wish to use Starknet Foundry in your Github Actions workflow, you can use the [`setup-snfoundry`](https://github.com/foundry-rs/setup-snfoundry) action. This action installs the necessary `snforge` and `sncast` binaries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to use Starknet Foundry in your Github Actions workflow, you can use the [`setup-snfoundry`](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-starknet-foundry) action. This action installs the necessary `snforge` and `sncast` binaries.
```

nit?

> If you wish to use Starknet Foundry in your Github Actions workflow, you can use the [setup-snfoundry](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-starknet-foundry) action. This action installs the necessary `snforge` and `sncast` binaries. At this moment, it only supports Linux and MacOS.

Reviewer: > At this moment, it only supports Linux and MacOS

Let's make this a `> Note`

## Example workflow

```yml
{{#include ../../example_workflows/basic_workflow.yml}}
```

## Caching

> In order to optimize the workflow, use [setup-scarb](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-scarb) action, which automatically caches Scarb dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to optimize the workflow, make sure you pass the valid path to `Scarb.lock` to [setup-scarb](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-scarb) action. This way, all dependencies including snforge_scarb_plugin will be cached between runs.
```
